1. Landau–Kleffner syndrome
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Landau%E2%80%93Kleffner_syndrome
Relevance Score: 6.86

2. Complex post-traumatic stress disorder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complex_post-traumatic_stress_disorder
Relevance Score: 6.84

3. Lennox–Gastaut syndrome
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lennox%E2%80%93Gastaut_syndrome
Relevance Score: 6.42

4. Generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generalized_epilepsy_with_febrile_seizures_plus
Relevance Score: 6.18

5. Diffuse myelinoclastic sclerosis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffuse_myelinoclastic_sclerosis
Relevance Score: 6.13

6. Cerebral palsy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cerebral_palsy
Relevance Score: 5.9

7. Distal spinal muscular atrophy type 2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distal_spinal_muscular_atrophy_type_2
Relevance Score: 5.86

8. Disruptive mood dysregulation disorder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disruptive_mood_dysregulation_disorder
Relevance Score: 5.55

9. Tourette syndrome
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tourette_syndrome
Relevance Score: 5.5

10. Hirschsprung's disease
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hirschsprung%27s_disease
Relevance Score: 5.39

11. Epilepsy-intellectual disability in females
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epilepsy-intellectual_disability_in_females
Relevance Score: 5.3

12. Conduct disorder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conduct_disorder
Relevance Score: 5.23

13. Prader–Willi syndrome
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prader%E2%80%93Willi_syndrome
Relevance Score: 5.22

14. Parry–Romberg syndrome
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parry%E2%80%93Romberg_syndrome
Relevance Score: 5.14

15. Progressive hemifacial atrophy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_hemifacial_atrophy
Relevance Score: 5.14

16. Romberg syndrome
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romberg_syndrome
Relevance Score: 5.14

17. Friedreich's ataxia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friedreich%27s_ataxia
Relevance Score: 5.14

18. Spinal muscular atrophy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spinal_muscular_atrophy
Relevance Score: 5.14

19. Sydenham's chorea
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sydenham%27s_chorea
Relevance Score: 5.14

20. Melkersson–Rosenthal syndrome
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melkersson%E2%80%93Rosenthal_syndrome
Relevance Score: 5.01

21. Tay–Sachs disease
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tay%E2%80%93Sachs_disease
Relevance Score: 4.84

22. Dissociative identity disorder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dissociative_identity_disorder
Relevance Score: 4.79

23. Alternating hemiplegia of childhood
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alternating_hemiplegia_of_childhood
Relevance Score: 4.57

24. Intellectual disability
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intellectual_disability
Relevance Score: 4.45

25. Leukoencephalopathy with vanishing white matter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leukoencephalopathy_with_vanishing_white_matter
Relevance Score: 4.25